Guide: Use the Proof of Humanity API (#981)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/get-started/how-to/poh-api.mdx

---
title: Check Proof of Humanity
description: Use the Linea Proof of Humanity API to verify the authenticity of your users.
---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

> Proof of Humanity (API) is a service that was originally created to verify community members 
> taking part in the Linea Voyage. It pulls together many potential attestation providers that users 
> can authorise to demonstrate their personhood.
> 
> You can check PoH status through our public API, enabling you to better determine that your users 
> are genuine and not Sybil accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proof of Humanity was originally created to verify community members 
taking part in the Linea Voyage. It aggregates many attestation providers that give users 
many option (onchain transaction history, biometrics, zero-knowledge KYC...)  to demonstrate their personhood, using [Verax Attestation Registry](ver.ax) under the hood.

Even though, PoH was originally created for our own needs, the API is publicly available to the community. This enable projects to check verify if an address is owned by a genuine user. It can be used to gate access to rewards or special services onchain (for example to register a Linea Name)
```
